Forrest: Hello. My name¡¯s Forrest. Forrest Gump. You wanna (want a ) chocolate. I could eat about a million and a half of these. My mama always said ¡°Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you¡¯re going to get.¡± Those must be comfortable shoes. I bet you could walk all day in shoes like that and not feel a thing. I wish I had shoes like that.

Woman: My feet hurt.

Forrest: Mama always said ¡°There¡¯s an awful lot you can tell about a person by their shoes.¡± Where they¡¯re going. Where they¡¯ve been. I¡¯ve worn lots of shoes. I bet if I think about it real hard I could remember my first pair of shoes. Mama said they would take me anywhere. She said they were my magic shoes.

Doctor: Allright, Forrest. Open your eyes now. Let¡¯s take a little walk around. How do they feel? His legs are strong, Mrs. Gump. As strong as I¡¯ve ever seen. But his back is as crooked as a politician. But we¡¯re going to straighten him right up now, aren¡¯t we, Forrest?

Mrs.Gump: Forrest!

Forrest: Now when I was a baby, Mama named me after the great Civil War hero, General Nathan Bedford Forrest. She said we was related to him in some way and what he did was., he started up this club called the Ku Klux Klan. They¡¯d all dress up in their robes and their bed sheets and act like a bunch of ghosts or spooks or something. They¡¯d even put bed sheets on their horses and ride around. Anyway, that¡¯s how I got my name, Forrest Gump. Mama said the Forrest part was to remind me that sometimes we all do things that, well, just don¡¯t make no sense.

Mrs.Gump: What are y¡¯all starin¡¯ at? Haven¡¯t you ever seen a little boy with braces on his legs before? Don¡¯t ever let anybody tell you that they¡¯re better than you, Forrest. If God intended everybody to be the same, he¡¯d have given us all braces on our legs.

Forrest: Mama always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them. We lived about a quarter mile off Route 17. About a half mile form the town of Greenbow, Alabama. That¡¯s in the country of Greenbow. Our house had been in mama¡¯s family since her grandpa¡¯s grandpa¡¯s grandpa came across the ocean about a thousand years ago. Something like that. Since it was just me and mama and we had all these empty rooms, mama decided to let those rooms out. Mostly to people passin¡¯ through like, oh, from Mobile, Montgomery, places like that. That¡¯s how me and mama got money. Mama was a real smart lady.

Mrs.Gump: Remember what I told you Forrest. You¡¯re no different than anybody else is. Did you hear what I said, Forrest? You are the same as everybody else. You are no different.

Mr.Hillcock: Your boy¡¯s different, Mrs.Gump. His IQ¡¯s 75.

Mrs.Gump: Well, we¡¯re all different, Mr.Hillcock.

Forrest: She wanted me to have the finest education so she took me to the Greenbow County Central School. I met the principal and all.

Mr.Hillcock: I¡¯m going to show you something, Mrs.Gump. Now here is normal. Forrest is right here. The State requires a minimum IQ of 80 to attend public schools, Mrs.Gump. He¡¯s going to have to go to a special school. He¡¯ll be just fine.

Mrs.Gump: What does normal mean, anyway? He might be a bit on the slow side, but my boy, Forrest, is going to get the same opportunities as everyone else. He¡¯s not going to some special school to learn how to retread tires. We¡¯re talking about 5 little points here. There must be something can be done.

Mr.Hillcock: We¡¯re a progressive school system. We don¡¯t want to see anybody left behind. Is there a ...... Mr.Gump, Mrs. Gump?

Mrs.Gump: He¡¯s on vacation.

Mr.Hillcock: Your mama sure does care about your schooling, son. You don¡¯t say much do you?

Mrs.Gump: (reading to Forrest) Finally, he had to try. It looked easy but... oh, what happened.

Gump: Mama, what¡¯s ¡°vacation¡± mean?

Mrs.Gump: Vacation?

Gump: Where daddy went?

Mrs.Gump: Vacation is when you go somewhere and you don¡¯t ever come back.

Forrest: Anyway. I guess you could say me and mama was on our own, but we didn¡¯t mind. Our house was never empty. There was always folks coming and going. Sometimes we had so many people staying with us that every room was filled with travelers. You know, folks livin¡¯ out of their suit cases and hat cases, and sample cases. One time a young man was staying with us and he had him a guitar case.

(Forrest dances as the traveler sings ¡°Hound Dog¡±)

Mrs.Gump: Forrest, I told you not to bother this nice young man.

Elvis Presley: No, that¡¯s allright ma¡¯am. I was just showing him a thing or two on the guitar here. 

Mrs.Gump: Allright. Supper¡¯s ready if y¡¯all want to eat.

Elvis: Yeah,  that sounds good. Thank you, ma¡¯am. Say, man, show me that crazy little walk you just did there. Slow it down some. ¡°You ain¡¯t nothin¡¯   but a hound dog...¡±

Forrest: I liked that guitar. It sounded good. I started moving around to the music, swingin¡¯ my hips. This night, me and mama was out shoppin¡¯ and we walked right by Pitsey¡¯s Furnature and Appliance store, Guess what... (Elvis was on TV dancing the way that Forrest taught him)

Mrs.Gump: This is not for children¡¯s eyes.

Forrest: Some years later, that handsome young man who they called ¡°The King¡±, well he sung too many songs. He had himself a heart attack or something. Must be hard being the king... You know it¡¯s funny how you remember something, but something you can¡¯t.

Mrs.Gump: You do your very best now, Forrest.

Gump: I sure will, mama.

Forrest: I remember the bus ride on the first day of school very well.

Dorothy: Are you coming along?

Gump: Mama said not to be taken rides from strangers.

Dorothy: This is the bus to school.

Gump: I¡¯m Forrest, Forrest Gump.

Dorothy: I¡¯m Dorothy Harris.

Gump: Well, now we aint¡¯ stranger¡¯s anymore.

Kid: This seat¡¯s taken.

Other Kids: Taken.

Different Kid: You can¡¯t sit here.

Forrest: You know it¡¯s funny what a young man recollects. ¡®Cause  I don¡¯t  remember being born. I don¡¯t recall what I got for my first Christmas. I don¡¯t know when I went on my first outdoor picnic, but I do remember the first time I heard the sweetest voice in the wide world.

Little Jenny: You can sit here if you want.

Forrest: I had never seen anything so beautiful in my entire life. She was like an angel.

Little Jenny: Well, are you going to sit down or aren¡¯t you? What¡¯s wrong with your legs?

Gump: Nothing at all, thank you. My legs are just fine and dandy.

Forrest: I just sat next to her on that bus and had a conversation all the way to school.

Gump: The doctor says my back¡¯s crooked like a question mark. These are going to make me as strait as an arrow.

Forrest: Next to mama, no one ever talked to me or asked me questions.

Little Jenny: Are you stupid or something?

Gump: Mama says ¡°Stupid is as stupid does.¡±

Little Jenny: I¡¯m Jenny.

Gump: I¡¯m Forrest. Forrest Gump.

Forrest: From that day on, we was always together. Jenny and me was like peas and carrots. She taught me how to climb. I showed her how to dangle. She helped me learn how to read, and I showed her how to swing. Sometimes we¡¯d just sit out and wait for the stars.

Gump: Mama¡¯s going to worry about me.

Little Jenny: Just stay a little longer.

Forrest: For some reason, Jenny didn¡¯t ever want to go home.

Gump: OK, Jenny. I¡¯ll stay.

Forrest: She was my most special friend... My only friend. Now, my mama always told me that miracles happen everyday. Some people don¡¯t think so but they do.

Bully1: Hey, dummy! Are you just plain stupid?

Billy2: Look, I¡¯m Forrest Gump.

Little Jenny: Just run army, Forrest, Run, Forrest. Run away, Hurry!

Bully2: Get the bikes. Hurry up.

Bully1: Look out, dummy, here we come, Gunna get you!

Little Jenny: Run, Forrest. Run, Forrest.

Bully1: Come back here, you!

Little Jenny: Run, Forrest, Run!

Forrest: Now, You wouldn¡¯t believe it if I told you. But I can run like the wind blows. From that day on, if I was going somewhere, I was runny!

Man in store: That boy sure is a running fool.

Forrest: Now, how I told you that Jenny never seemed to want to go home? Well she lived in a house that was as old as Alabama. Her mama had gone up to heaven when she five and her daddy was some kind of a farmer.

Gump: ( knock on the door) Jenny?

Forrest: He was a very loving man. He was a very loving man. He was always Kissin¡¯ and touchin¡¯ her and her sisters. And then this one time. Jenny wasn¡¯t on the bus to go to school.

Gump: Jenny, why didn¡¯t you come to school today?

Little Jenny: Shh! Daddy¡¯s taking a nap.

Father: Jenny!

Little Jenny: C¡¯mon!

Father: Jenny! Where¡¯d you run to? You¡¯d better get back here, girl. Jenny?

Little Jenny: Pray with me, Forrest. Pray with me. Dear God, make me a bird, so I can fly far, far far away from here. Dear God, make me a bird...

Forrest: Mama always said that God is mysterious. He didn¡¯t turn Jenny into a bird that day. Instead, he had the police say that Jenny didn¡¯t have to stay in that house no more. She went to live with her grandma, just over on Greek more Ave.  which made me happy ¡®cause she was so close. Some nights, Jenny would sneak out and come on over to my house, just ¡®cause she said she was scared of what? I don¡¯t know, but I think it was her grandma¡¯s dog. He was a mean dog. Anyway, Jenny and me was best friends all the way up through high school.

Bully1: Hey, Stupid.

Jenny: Quit it! Run, Forrest! Run!

Bully1: Hey did you hear me, stupid?

Bully2: Get in the truck. Move it. C¡¯mon, he¡¯s getting away.

Jenny: Run, Forrest! Run!

Forrest: Now, it used to be, I ran to get where I was going. I never thought it would take me anywhere.

Football Coach: Who in the hell is that?

Assistant Coach: That there is Forrest Gump. Just the local idiot.

Forrest: Can you believe it? I got to go to college too.

Football Player: Run!

Forrest: OK!

Coach: He must be the stupidest son-of-a-bitch alive, but he sure is fast.

Forrest: Now, maybe it¡¯s just me, but college was a very confusing time.

News man: Federal troops enforcing a court order integrated the University of Alabama today. Two negroes were admitted but only after governor George Wallace had carried out his symbolic threat to stand in the school house door.

Gump: What¡¯s going on?

Student: Coons? are trying to get into school.

Gump: Coons? Well racoons? try to get on our back porch, mama just chases ¡®em off with a broom.

Student: Not racoons, you idiot, niggers. And they want to go to school with us.

Gump: With us? They do?

News man: Shortly after governor Wallace had carried out his promise to block the door way, president Kennedy ordered the Secretary of Defense then to use military force. Here, by videotape is the encounter by General Gram, Commander of the national guard and governor Wallace... And so it is that the University of Alabama in Tuscaloosa had been desegregated and students Jimmy Hood and Vivion Malone had been signed up for summer classes.

Gump: Ma¡¯am, you dropped your book.

News man: Governor Wallace did what he promised to do by being on the Toscaloosa campus...

? : Hey, wasn¡¯t that Gump?

? : Now, that couldn¡¯t be.

? : Sure as hell was.

Forrest: A few years later that angry little man at the schoolhouse door had a good idea and ran for President. But somebody thought that it wasn¡¯t. But he didn¡¯t die.

Lady: My bus is here.

Gump: Is that the number 9?

Lady: No, it¡¯s the number 4.

Forrest: It was nice talking to you.

Lady: I remember when that happened, when Wallace got shot. I was in college.

Forrest: Did you go to a girls college or a girls and boys together college?

Lady: It was co-ed.

Forrest: ¡®cause Jenny went to a college I couldn¡¯t go to. It was a college just for girls. .But, I¡¯d go and visit her every chance I got.

Jenny: Forrest! Forrest. Stop it! What are you doing?!

Boy friend: what the hell is going on here? Who is that?

Jenny: Billy, I¡¯m sorry.

Billy: Get away from me.

Jenny: Don¡¯t go. Billy, wait a second. He doesn¡¯t know any better. Forrest! Why¡¯d you do that?

Forrest: I brought you some chocolate. I¡¯m sorry. I¡¯ll go back to my college now.

Jenny: Forrest, look at you. Come on.. Do you ever dream, Forrest, of who you¡¯re going to be?

Forrest: Who I¡¯m going to be?

Jenny: Yeah.

Forrest: Aren¡¯t I going to be me?

Jenny: You¡¯ll always be you, just another kink of you. I want to be famous. I want to be a singer like Joan Baez. I just want to be on an empty stage with my guitar and my voice. Just me. And I want to reach people on a personal level. I want to be able to say things, just one to one... Have you ever been with a girl, Forrest?

Forrest: I sit next to them in my Home Economics class all the time... Oh, I¡¯m sorry.

Jenny: It¡¯s OK.

Forrest: Oh, I¡¯m dizzy.

Jenny: I bet that never happened in Home Ec.

Forrest: No. I think I ruined your roommate¡¯s bathrobe.

Forrest: College ran by real fast ¡®cause I played so much football. They even put me on a thing called the All-American Team, where you get to meet the president of the United States.

News man: President Kennedy met with the collegiate All-American Football Team at the oval office today. 

Forrest: Now the really good thing about meeting the president of the United States is the food. They put you in this little room with just about anything you¡¯d want to eat or drink and since, number one, I wasn¡¯t hungry but thirsty, and number two, they was free, I must have drank me about fifteen Doctor Peppers? (at the White House)

Kennedy: Congratulations. How does it feel to be on All-American?

Athlete1: It¡¯s an honor, sir.

Kennedy: Congratulations. How does it feel to be on All-American?

Athlete2: Very good, sir.

Kennedy: Congratulations. How do you feel?

Forrest: I gotta pee?.

Kennedy: I believe he said he had to go pee.

Forrest: Some time later, for no particular reason, someone shot that nice young president when he was riding in his car. And a few years after that, somebody shot his little brother, too. Only he was in the hotel kitchen. It must be hard being brothers. I wouldn¡¯t know.

Master of Ceremony: Forrest Gump.

Forrest: Now can you believe it? After only five years of playing football, I got a college degree.

MC: Congratulations, son.

Forrest: Mama was so proud.

Mrs.Gump: Forrest I¡¯m so proud of you. Here I¡¯ll hold this for you.

Recruiting officer: Congratulations, son. Have you given any thought to your future?

Forrest: Thought?

(later, on the bus on the way to basic training)

Forrest: Hello. I¡¯m Forrest. Forrest Gump.

Bus Driver: Nobody gives a horse shit who you are, puss ball. You¡¯re not even low-life-scum-sucking maggot. Get your ass on the bus, you¡¯re in the army now.

Soldier1: This seat¡¯s taken.

Soldier2: Taken.

Forrest: At first, it seemed like I¡¯d made a mistake. Seeing how it was only my induction day and I was already gettin¡¯ yelled at.

Bubba: Sit down if you want to.

Forrest: I didn¡¯t know whom I might meet or what they might ask.

Bubba: Have you ever been on a real shrimp boat?

Forrest: No, but I been on a real big boat.

Bubba: I¡¯m talking about a shrimp catching boat, I¡¯ve been working on shrimp boats all my life. I started out on my uncle¡¯s boat. That¡¯s my mama¡¯s brother, when I was about maybe nine. I was just lookin¡¯ into buying a boat of my own and got drafted?.  My given name is Benjamin Beauford Blue. People call me Bubba, just like one of them old red neck boys. Can you believe that?

Forrest: My name¡¯s Forrest Gump. People call me Forrest Gump.

Forrest: So Bubba was from Bialabatry, Alabama and his mama cooked shrimp, and her mama before her cooked shrimp, and her mama before her mama cooked shrimp too. Bubba¡¯s family knew everything there was to know about the shrumpin¡¯ business.

Bubba: I know everything there is to know about the shrimpin¡¯ business. (As a) matter of fact I¡¯m going into the shrimpin¡¯ business for myself, after I get out of the army.

Forrest: OK.

(In training)

Drill Seargent: Gump! What¡¯s your sole purpose in this army?

Forrest: To do what ever you tell me, Drill Seargent?

Drill Seargent: God dammit, Gump. You¡¯re a God damn genius. That is the most outstanding answer I¡¯ve ever heard. You must have a God damn IQ of 160. You are God damn gifted, Private Gump. Listen up,  people...

Forrest: Now for some reason, I fit in the army like one of them round pegs. It¡¯s not really hard. You just make your bed real neat and remember to stand up strait. And always, answer every question with ¡°Yes, Drill Seargent.¡±

Drill Seargent: Is that clear?

All soldiers: Yes, Drill Seargent!

Bubba: What you do is drag your nets along the bottom. On a good day, you can catch over a hundred pounds of shrimp. Everything goes all right, two men shrimpin¡¯ ten hour...

Forrest: Done, Drill Seargent.

Drill Seargent: Gump! How did you put that weapon together so quickly, Gump?

Forrest: You told me to, Drill Seargent.

Drill Seargent: Jesus H. Christ! This is a new company record. If it wouldn¡¯t be a waste of such a damn fine enlisted man, I would recommend you for OCS? , Private Gump. You are going to be a General, someday, Gump. Now, disassemble your weapon and continue.

Bubba: Anyway, like I was saying, shrimp is the fruit of the sea. You can barbecue it, boit it, broil it, bake it, sautee it, shrimp ka-bobs, shrimp creole, shrimp gumbo, pan fried, deep fried, stir-fried, there¡¯s pine apple shrimp, lemon shrimp, coconut shrimp, pepper shrimp, shrimp soup, shrimp stew, shrimp salad, shrimp and potatoes, shrimp burbon, shrimp sandwich... that¡¯s about it.

Forrest: Night time in the army is a lonely time. We¡¯d lay there in our bunks, and I¡¯d miss my mama and I¡¯d miss Jenny.

Soldier: Hey, Gump. Get a load of the tits on her.

Forrest: It turns out, Jenny had gotten into some trouble over some photos of her and her college sweater, and she was thrown out of school. But that wasn¡¯t a bad thing, because a man who own a theater in Memphis, Tennesee saw those photos and offered Jenny a job singing in a show. The first chance I got, I took the bus up to Memphis to see her perform in that show.

Announcer: Give her a big hand, guys. Good job,  Amber. And now for your listening and viewing pleasure, direct from Hollywood, California, our very own beatnik beauty, let¡¯s give a big round of applause to the luscious Bobby Dylan.

Jenny: (Singing a famous Bob Dylan song)

Forrest: Her dream had come true. She was a folk singer.

Jenny: Hey, you stupid jerk. I¡¯m singing a song here. Harry,  get out here. Shut up! Forrest. What are you doing here? What are you doing? Let me down!... (outside) You can¡¯t keep doing this, Forrest. You can¡¯t keep trying to rescue me all the time.

Forrest: They was trying to grab you.

Jenny: A lot of people try to grab me. You can¡¯t keep doing this all the time.

Forrest: I can¡¯t help it. I love you.

Jenny: Forrest, you don¡¯t know what love is. Remember that time we prayed, Forrest? We prayed for God to turn me into a bird so I could fly far far away.

Forrest: Yes, I do.

Jenny: You think I could fly off this bridge?

Forrest: What do you mean, Jenny?

Jenny: I gotta get out of here.

Forrest: Wait, Jenny.

Jenny: Forrest, you just stay away from me. You stay away from me, please. (to driver) Can I have a ride?

Driver: Where you going?

Jenny: I don¡¯t care.

Driver: Get in the truck.

Forrest: Bye bye, Jenny. They¡¯re sending me to Vietnam. It¡¯s this whole other country.

Jenny: (to driver) Just hang on a minute. (to Forrest) Listen, You promise me something, OK? If you ¡®re ever in trouble, don¡¯t try to be brave. You just run, OK? Just run away.

Forrest: OK. Jenny. I¡¯ll write you all the time.

Forrest: And just like that, she was gone.

Mrs.Gump: You come back safe to me. Do you hear?

 

(In Vietnam)

Forrest: Now they told us that Vietnam was going to be very different from the Untied States of America. Except for all the beer cans and the barbecue, it was.

Bubba: I bet there¡¯s shrimp all in these waters. They say here in Vietnam, there¡¯s good shrimp. After we win this war, and we take over something, we can get American shrimpers to come out and shrimp these waters. Just shrimp all the time, man. So much shrimp...

Dan: You must be my FNG¡¯s? .

Gump and Bubba: Morning, Sir! (Saluting Dan)

Dan: Get your hands down. Do not salute me. There are goddam snipers? all around this area who would love to grease an officer. I¡¯m Lieutenant Dan Tayler. Welcome to 4th Platoon.? What¡¯s wrong with your lip?

Bubba: I was born with big gums, sir.

Dan: Yeah, well you better tuck that in. You¡¯re going to get that caught on a tripwire. Where are you boys from in the world?

Gump and Bubba: Alabama, sir!

Dan: You twins?

Gump: No, we are not relations, sir.

Dan: Look, it¡¯s pretty basic here. Stick with me, and you learn from the guys who have been in country for a while, you¡¯ll be allright. There is one item of GI? gear that can be the difference between a live grunt and dead grunt, socks. Cushion sole, OD green. Try and keep your feet dry. When we¡¯re out humpin¡¯ I want you boys to remember to change your socks when ever we stop. The Mekong will eat a grunt¡¯s feet right off his legs.

Supply officer: Seargent Sams.

Dan: Goddammit, where is that swing rope I told you to order?

Supply officer: I put in the requisition at batallion? 

Dan: Yeah, yeah well you call those sons-of-bitches.

Gump: Lieutenant Dan sure knew his stuff. I felt real lucky he was my lieutenant. He was from a long, great, military tradition. Somebody in his family had fought, and died, in every single American war.

Dan: Goddamit, kick some ass!

Gump: I guess you could say he had a lot to live up to.  

Dan: So, you boys from Arkansas, huh? Well, I¡¯ve been through there. Little Rock is a fine town. Now, go shake down your gear. See a platoon Seargent, draw what you need for the field. If you boys are hungry, we¡¯ve got steaks burning right over here. Two standing orders in this platoon, one: take good care of your feet, two: try not to do anything stupid like getting yourself killed.

Gump: I sure hope I don¡¯t let him down.

Forrest: I got to see a lot of the countryside. We would take these real long walks and we were always looking for this guy named Charlie. It wasn¡¯t always fun. Lieutenant Dan was always getting these funny feelings about a rock or a trail or the road. So he¡¯d tell us to ¡°Get down!¡± ¡°Shut up!¡± So we did. Now I don¡¯t know much about anything, but I think some of America¡¯s best young men served in this war. There was Dallas, form Phoenix. Cleveland, he was from Detroit. And Tex... well, I don¡¯t remember where Tex comes from.

Dan: Ah, it was nothin¡¯. 4th Platoon on your feet. We¡¯ve got 10 Clicks? to go ¡®til that river. Move out.

Forrest: The good thing about Vietnam is there was always some place to go.

Dan: Fire in the hole!? Now, check out that hole.

Forrest: And there was always something to do. One day, it started raining. And it didn¡¯t quit for four months. We been through every kind of rain there is. A little bit of stinging rain. And big old fat rain. Rain that flew in sideways. And sometimes rain seemed to come up from underneath. Shoot, it even rained at night.

Bubba: Hey, Forrest?

Gump: Hey, Bubba.

Bubba: I¡¯m going to lean against you, you just lean right back against me. This way, we don¡¯t have to sleep with our heads on the mud. You know why we¡¯re a good partnership, Forrest? ¡®Cause we be watchin¡¯ out for one another. Like brothers and stuff. Hey, Forrest. There¡¯s somethin¡¯ I¡¯ve been thinkin¡¯ ¡®bout. I¡¯ve got a very important question to ask you. How would you like to go into the shrimpin¡¯ business with me?

Gump: OK.

Bubba: Man, I¡¯ll tell you what. I¡¯ve got it all figured out too. So many pound of shrimp to pay-off the boat. So many pound for gas. We can just live right on the boat. We ain¡¯t got to pay no rent. I¡¯ll be the captain and we can just work it together. Split everything right down the middle. Man, I¡¯m telling you, 50-50. Now hey, Forrest, all the shrimp you can eat.

Gump: That¡¯s a fine idea.

Forrest: Bubba did have a fine idea. I even wrote Jenny and told her all about it. I sent her letters, not everyday, but almost. I told what I was doing, and asked her what she was doing. And told her how I thought about her always, and how I was looking forward to getting a letter from her, just as soon as she had the time. I¡¯d always let her know that I was OK. Then I signed each letter ¡°Love, Forrest Gump¡± .. One day, we was out walking, like always and then, just like that, somebody turned off the rain and the sun come out.

Forrest: Bubba was my best good friend, and even I know that ain¡¯t somethin¡¯ you can find just around the corner. Bubba, was going to be a shrimpin¡¯ boat captain, but instead, he died right there by that river in Vietnam. That¡¯s all I have to say about that.

Man: It was a bullet, wasn¡¯t it?

Forrest: A bullet?

Man: That jumped up and bit you.

Forrest: Oh, yes sir. It bit me directly in the buttocks. They said it was a million-dollar wound but the army must keep that money because I still haven¡¯t seen a nickel of that million dollars. The only good thing about being wounded in the buttocks is the ice cream. They gave me all the ice cream I could eat. And guess what? A good friend of mine was in the bed, right next door.

Gump: Lieutenant Dan. I got you some ice cream. Lieutenant Dan, Ice cream!

Nurse: It¡¯s time for your bath lieutenant.

Mailman: Larson. Webster. Gump. Gump.

Gump: I¡¯m Forrest Gump.

Mailman: Pile, Nickles. Johnson.

(Forrest received all the returned letters that he wrote to Jenny.)

Soldier: Gump, how can you watch that stupid shit? Good, catch, Gump. You know how to play this? C¡¯mon, let me show you. Now the secret to this game is, never, ever take your eye off the ball.

Forrest: For some reason, ping pong came very natural to me. So I started playing it all the time. I played ping pong even when I didn¡¯t have anyone to play ping pong with. The hospital people said, it make me look like a duck in water, whatever that means. Even Lieutenant Dan would come and watch me play. I played ping pong so much, I even played it in my sleep.

Dan: You listen to me. We all have a destiny. Nothing just happens, it¡¯s all part of a plan. I should have died out there with my men. But now, I¡¯m nothing but a goddamned cripple. A legless freak. Look. Look at me. Do you know what its like not to be able to use your legs?

Gump: Yes, sir. I do.

Dan: Did you hear what I said? You cheated me. I had a destiny. I was supposed to die in the field, with honor. That was my destiny and you cheated me out of it. Do you understand what I¡¯m saying, Gump. This wasn¡¯t supposed to happen. Not to me. I had a destiny. I was Lieutenant Dan Taylor.

Gump: You still Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: Look at me. What am I going to do now? What am I going to do now.

Officer: PVC? Gump.

Gump: Yes, sir!

Officer: As you were. Son, you¡¯ve been awarded the medal of honor.

Gump: Guess what, Lieutenant Dan. They want to give me.... Ma¡¯am, what did they do with Lieutenant Dan?

Nurse: They sent him home.

Forrest: Two weeks later, I left Vietnam.

Newsman: The ceremony was kicked off with a candid speach by the president, regarding the need for further escalation of the war in Vietnam. President Johnson awarded for medals of honor to men from each of the armed sevices.? 

Johnson: America owes you a debt of gratitude, son. I understand you were wounded. Where were you hit?

Gump: In the buttocks, sir.

Johnson: That must be a sight. I¡¯d kinda like to see that. ... Goddamn, son.

Forrest: After that, mama went to a hotel to lay down, so I went out for a walk to see our nation¡¯s capital. It¡¯s a good thing mama was restin¡¯ ¡®cause the streets were awfully crowded with people looking at all the statues and monuments and some of them people were loud and pushy. Everywhere I went, I had to stand in line.

President: Hey, you¡¯re a good man for doing this. Do it!

Forrest: There was this man givin¡¯ a little talk, now for some reason, he was wearing on American flag for a shirt. And he liked to say the F word a lot. F this and F that. And everytime he said the F word, people for some reason, well, they cheered.

Proester: Yeah! Yeah! Come one, man. Get up there. Tell us a little bit about the war man.

Gump: The war in Vietnam?

Proteser: The war in Viet-Fuckin¡¯-nam! (The crowd cheers)

Forrest: There was only one thing I could say about the war in Vietnam.

Gump: Well, there¡¯s only one thing I can say about the war in Vietnam. In vietnam...

Protester: Christ, what did he do with this?!

Man in crowd: We can¡¯t hear you! We can¡¯t hear anything! Speak up!

Gump: .... and that¡¯s all. I have to say about that.

Protester: Right on, man. You said it all, what¡¯s your name, man?

Gump: My name is Forrest. Forrest Gump.

Protester: Forrest Gump.

Jenny: Forrest! Forrest!

Gump: Jenny!

Forrest: It was the happiest moment of my life. Jenny and me was just like peas and carrots again. She showed me around and even introduced me to some of her new friends.

Black Panther: Shut that blind, man. And get your white ass away from that window. Don¡¯t you know, we in a war here.

Jenny: He¡¯s cool. He¡¯s cool. He¡¯s one of us.

Black Panther: Let me tell you about ¡°us¡±. Our purpose here is to protect our black leaders from the racial onslaught of the pig who used to brutalize our black leaders, rape our women and destroy our black communities. 

Westley: Who¡¯s the baby-killer.

Jenny: This is my good friend I told you about. This is Forrest Gump. Forrest, this is Westley, Westley and I lived together in Berkeley. He¡¯s the president of the Berkeley chapter of SDA.

Black Panther: Let me tell you something else. We are here to offer protect and help to all those who need our help because we, the Black Panthers, are against the war in Vietnam. Yes, we are against any war where black soldiers are sent to the front-line to die for a country that hates them. Yes we are against any war where black soldiers go to fight and come to be brutalized and killed in their own communities as they sleep in their beds at night. Yes, we are against....

Westley: I shouldn¡¯t have brought you here. I should have know it was just going to be some bullshit hastle.

Gump: He should not be hitting you, Jenny.

Jenny: Come on, Forrest.

Gump: Sorry I had a fight in the middle of your Black Panther Party.

Jenny: He doesn¡¯t mean it when he does things like this.

Gump: I would never hurt you, Jenny.

Jenny: I know you wouldn¡¯t, Forrest.

Gump: I wanted to be your boyfriend.

Jenny: That uniform is a trip, Forrest. You look handsome in it! You do.

Gump: You know what?

Jenny: What?

Gump: I¡¯m glad we are here together on our nation¡¯s capital.

Jenny: Me too, Forrest.

Forrest: We walked around all night, Jenny and me, just talkin¡¯. She told me about all the traveling she¡¯d done. How she discovered ways to expand her mind and learn how to live in harmony, which must be out west somewhere ¡®cause she made it all the way to California.

Boy: Hey, anybody wants to go to San Francisco?

Jenny: I¡¯ll go.

Forrest: It was a very special night for the two of us. I didn¡¯t want it to end.

Gump: I wish you wouldn¡¯t go, Jenny.

Jenny: I have to, Forrest.

Westley: Jenny. Things got a little out of hand. It¡¯s just this war and that lying son-of-a-bitch Johnson. I would never hurt you. You know that.

Gump: You know that I think. I think you should go home to Greenbow, Alabama.

Jenny: Forrest we have very different lives you know.

Gump: I want you to have this.

Jenny: Forrest, I can¡¯t keep this.

Gump: I got it just by doing what you told me to do.

Jenny: Why are you so good to me?

Gump: You¡¯re my girl.

Jenny: I¡¯ll always be your girl.

Forrest: And just that that, she was gone. Out of my life again.

Neil Armstrong (Astronaut): That¡¯s one small step for man, are giant leaps for mankind...

Forrest: I thought I was going back to Vietnam but instead they decided the best way for me to fight the communists was to play ping pong. So I was in the special services, traveling around the country, cheering up all those wounded veterans and showin¡¯ how to play ping pong. I was so good that some years later, the army decide that I should be on the All-American Ping Pong Team. I was the first American to visit the land of China in like a million years or something like that. Somebody said would peace is in our hands. But all I did was play ping pong. When I got home, I was a national celebrity. Famous even than Captain kangaroo.

TV Host: Here he is, Forrest Gump, right here. Forrest Gump, John Lennon? 

John: Welcome home.

TV Host: Can you tell us, what was China like?

Forrest: In the land of China. People hardly got nothin¡¯at all.

John: No possessions?

Forrest: And in China, they never go to church.

John: No religion, too.

TV Host: Wow. It¡¯s hard to imagine.

John: Well, it¡¯s easy if you try, Dick.

Forrest: Some years later, that nice young man from England was on his way home to see his little boy, and was signing some autographs, for no particular reason at all, somebody shot him.

Dan: They gave you, the congressional medal of honor.

Gump: Now that¡¯s Lieutenant Dan. Lieutenant Dan!

Dan: They gave you the congressional medal of honor.

Gump: Yes, sir. They surely did.

Dan: They gave you, an imbicle, a moron who goes on television and makes a fool out of himself, in front of the whole damn country, the congressional medal of honor.

Gump: Yes, sir.

Dan: Well, that¡¯s just perfect. Well I¡¯ve one thing to say to that Goddamn bless America. Whoa!

Forrest: Lieutenant Dan said he was living in a hotel and he said because he didn¡¯t have no legs, he spent most of his time exercising his arms.

Dan: Take a right. Take a right.

Gump: What do you do here in New York, Lieutenant Dan?

Dan: I¡¯m living off the government... Hey, Hey! I¡¯m walking here!

Forrest: I stayed with Lieutenant Dan and celebrated the holidays.

Dan: Have you found Jesus yet, Gump?

Gump: I didn¡¯t know I was supposed to be looking for him, sir.

Dan: Ha! That¡¯s all these cripples down at the VA? . That¡¯s all they ever talk about, Jesus this and Jesus that. Have I found Jesus? They even had a priest come and talk to me. He said ¡°God is listening, but I have to help myself. Now if I accept Jesus into my heart, I¡¯ll get to walk beside him in the kingdom of heaven.¡± Did you hear what I said? ¡°Walk¡± beside him in the Kingdom of heaven. Well, kiss my crippled ass. God is listening? What a crock of shit.

Gump: I¡¯m going to heaven, Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: Huh? Well before you go, why don¡¯t you get your ass down to the corner and get us another bottle of ripple. (later) What the hell is in Bialabatry.

Gump: Shrimpin¡¯ boats.

Dan: Shrimpin¡¯ boats? Who gives a shit about shrimpin¡¯boats?

Gump: I¡¯m gunna buy me one of them shrimpin¡¯ boats as soon as I have some money. I made me a promise to Bubba in Vietnam, that as soon as the was over we¡¯d go in partners. He¡¯d be the captain of the ship. I¡¯d be his first mate. But now that he¡¯s dead, that means I gotta be the captain.

Dan: A shrimpin¡¯ boat captain?

Gump: Yes, sir. A promise is a promise, Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: Ha-Ha! Now hear this. Private Gump here is going to be a shrimp boat captain! I¡¯ll tell you what, Gilligan, the day that you are a shrimp boat captain, I will come and be your first mate. If you¡¯re ever a shrimp boat captain, that¡¯s the day I¡¯m an astronaut.

Carla: Danny, what are you waving about?

Lenora: Who¡¯s your friend?

Gump: My name¡¯s Forrest. Forrest Gump.

Dan: This is cunning Carla and Long-Limbs Lenora.

Lenora: Where you been Baby cakes? Huh? I haven¡¯t seen you around lately. You know you should have been here for Christmas because Tommy bought a round on the house and gave everybody a turkey sandwich.

Dan: Well, well. I had company.

Lenora: Hey, hey! We was just there. That¡¯s Times Square.

Carla: Don¡¯t you just love New Years? You can start all over. Everybody gets a second chance.

Forrest: It¡¯s funny but in the middle of all that fun, I began to think about Jenny, wondering how she was spending her New Years in California.

(in Dan¡¯s hotel)

Carla: What are you stupid or somehtin¡¯? What¡¯s your problem? What¡¯s his problem? Did you lose your pecker in the war or something?

Lenora: What is your friend stupid or something?

Dan: What did you say?

Lenora: I said ¡°Is your friend stupid or something?¡±

Dan: Don¡¯t call him stupid.

Carla: Don¡¯t push her.

Dan: You shut up. Don¡¯t you even call him stupid. Get the hell out of here.

Lenora: You should be in a side show! You retard!

Carla: You loser. You freak.

Gump: I¡¯m sorry I ruined your New Year Eve party Lieutenant Dan. She tastes like cigarettes.

Forrest: I guess Lieutenant Dan figured there were somethings you just can¡¯t change. He didn¡¯t want to be called crippled just like I didn¡¯t want to be called stupid.

Dan: Happy New Year, Gump.

Newsman: The US Ping Pong Team met with President Nixon. today at a ...

Forrest: And wouldn¡¯t you know it, a few months later, they invited me and the ping pong team t visit the White House, so I went, again. And I met the president of the United States, again. Only this time they didn¡¯t get us rooms in real fancy hotels.

Nixon: So are you enjoying yourself in our nation¡¯s capital young man?

Gump: Yes, sir.

Nixon: Well where are you staying.

Gump: It¡¯s called the Hotel Ebot.

Nixon: No, no, no. I know a much nicer hotel, it¡¯s brand new, very modern. I¡¯ll have my people take care of it for you.

(that night)

Man on telephone: Security, Frank Wells.

Gump: Yes, sir. You might want to send a maintenance man over to that office across the way. The lights are off and they must be looking for a fusebox or something ¡®cause them flashlights, they¡¯re keeping me awake.... Thank you.

(later)

Nixon: Therefore, I shall resign the presidency effective at noon tomorrow. Vice President Ford will be sworn in as president at that hour in this office...

Officer: Private Gump!

Gump: Yes, sir.

Officer: As you were. I have your discharge papers. Your service is up son.

Gump: Does this mean I can¡¯t play ping pong no more?

Officer: For the army it does.

Forrest: And just like that, my service in the United States Army was over. So I went home.

Gump: I¡¯m home, Mama.

Mrs.Gump: I know, I know.

Forrest: Now, when I got home, I had no idea, but mama had had all sorts of visitors.

Mrs.GUmp: We¡¯ve had all sorts of visitors, Forrest. Everybody wants you to use their ping pong stuff. One man even left a check for $25,000 if you¡¯d be agreeable to saying you like using their paddle.

Gump: Oh, mama, I only like using my own paddle. Hi, Miss Louise.

Mrs.GUmp: I know that. I know that. But it¡¯s $25,000, Forrest. I thought maybe you could hold it for a while. See if it grows on you.

Forrest: That mama. She sure was right. It¡¯s funny how things work out. I didn¡¯t stay home for long because I¡¯d made a promise to Bubba and I always got to keep my promise. So I went on down to Bialabatry to meet Bubba¡¯s family and make their introduction.

Mrs.Blue: Are you crazy or just plain stupid?

Gump: Stupid is as stupid, Mrs.Blue.

Mrs.Blue: I guess.

Gump: And of course, I paid my respects to Bubba himself.

Gump: Hey, Bubba. It¡¯s me, Forrest Gump. I remember everything you said and I got it all figured out. I¡¯m taking the $24,562.47 that I got, that¡¯s left after a new haircut and a new suit and took mama out to a real fancy dinner and I bought a bus ticket and three Doctor Peppers.

Boat Salesman: Tell me something. Are you stupid or something?

Gump: Stupid is as stupid does, sir... That¡¯s¡¯ what¡¯s left after me saying ¡°When I was in China on the All-American Ping Pong team. I just loved playing ping pong with my Flexolite ping pong paddle¡± Which everyone knows isn¡¯t but mama said it was just a little white lie so it wouldn¡¯t hurt nobody. So anyway, I¡¯m putting all that on gas, ropes, new nets, a brand new shrimpin¡¯boat.

Forrest: Now, Bubba told me everything he knew about shrimpin¡¯ but you know what I found out? Shrimpin¡¯ is tough.

Gump: I only caught five.

Boat Salesman: A couple more and you can have yourself a cocktail. Hey you don¡¯t thinkabout naming that boat? It¡¯s bad luck to have a boat without a name.

Forrest: I¡¯d never named a boat before, but there was only one I could think of, the most beautiful name in the wide world. Now I hadn¡¯t heard from Jenny in a long while, but I thought about her a lot and I hoped that whatever she was doing made her happy.  (Jenny almost commits suicide) I thought about Jenny all the time.

Gump: Lieutenant Dan! What are you doing here?

Dan: Well, I thought I¡¯d try out my sea-legs.

Gump: You ain¡¯t got no legs, Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: Yes, I know that. You wrote me a letter, you idiot. Well, well. Captain Forrest Gump. I had to see this for myself. And, I told you if you ever a shrimp boat captain, that I¡¯d be your first mate. Well, here I am. I am a man of my word.

Gump: OK.

Dan: Yeah, but don¡¯t you be thinking that I¡¯m going to be calling you sir.

Gump: No, sir... (Crash!) That¡¯s my boat.

Dan: I have a feeling if we head due East, we¡¯ll find some shrimp, so take a left.  

Gump: Which way?

Dan: Over there. They¡¯re over there. Get on the wheel and take a left.

Gump: OK.

Dan: Gump. What are you doing? Left! Take a left! That¡¯s where we¡¯re going to find those shrimp my boy! Ha ha! That¡¯s where we¡¯ll find ¡®em.

Gump: Still no shrimp, Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: OK, so I was wrong.

Gump: How we gunna find them?

Dan: Maybe you should just pray for shrimp.

Forrest: So I went to church every Sunday. Sometimes Lieutenant Dan went too, but I think he left the praying up to me.

Gump: No shrimp.

Dan: Where the hell is this God of yours?

Forrest: It¡¯s funny Lieutenant Dan said that, because right then, God showed up. Now, me, I was scared, but Lieutenant Dan, he was mad.

Dan: Come on! You call this a storm? C¡¯mon you son-of-a-bitch, it¡¯s time for a showdown: you and me. I¡¯m right here. Come and get me. You¡¯ll never sink this boat.

Newsman: Hurricane Carmen? came through here yesterday, destroying nearly everything in it¡¯s path, and as in other towns up and down the coast, Bialabatry¡¯s entire shrimping industry has fallen victim to Carmen as has been left in utter ruin. Speaking with local officials, this reporter has learned in fact only one shrimping boat actually survived the storm.

Mrs.Gump: Louise. Louise, there¡¯s Forrest.

Forrest: After that shrimpin¡¯ was easy. Since people still needed them shrimps for shrimp cocktails and barbecues and all and we were the only boat left standing, Bubba Gump shrimp is what they got. We got a whole bunch of boats. Twelve Jennys. A big old warehouse. We even have hats that say Bubba Gump on them. Bubba Gump Shrimp. It¡¯s a household name.

Listener: Hold on there, boy. Are you tellin¡¯ me that you¡¯re the owner of the Bubba Gump Shrimp Corporation?

Forrest: Yes, sir. We got more money then Davey Crocket.

Listener: Boy, I¡¯ve heard some whoppers? in my time but that tops them all. We were sittin¡¯ next to a millionaire.

Woman: Well, I thought it was a very lovely story and you tell it so well, with such enthusiasm.

Forrest: Would you like to see what Lieutenant Dan looks like?

Woman: Yes, I would.

Forrest: That¡¯s him right there, and let me tell you something about Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: Forrest, I never thanked you for saving my life.

Forrest: He never actually said so, but I think he made his peace with God.

Margo: Base to Jenny One. Base to Jenny One.

Dan: Jenny One, go Margo.

Margo: Forrest has a phone call.

Dan: Well, you¡¯ll have to tell them to call him back. He is indisposed at the moment.

Margo: His mama¡¯s sick.

Gump: Where¡¯s mama?

Louise: She¡¯s upstairs.

Mrs.GUmp: Hi, Forrest.

Doctor: I¡¯ll see you tomorrow. Sure got you straitened out, didn¡¯t we, boy?

Gump: What¡¯s the matter, mama?

Mrs.Gump: I¡¯m dyin¡¯, Forrest. Come on in,  sit down over here.

Gump: Why are you dying, mama?

Mrs.Gump: It¡¯s my time. It¡¯s just my time. Oh, now don¡¯t you be afraid sweetheart. Death is just a part of life, something we are all destined to do. I didn¡¯t know it, but I was destrined to be your mama. I did the best I could.

Gump: You did good, mama.

Mrs.GUmp: Well, I happen to believe you make your own destiny. You have to the best with what God gave you.

Gump: What¡¯s my distiny mom?

Mrs.Gump: You¡¯re going to have to figure that out for yourself. Life is a box of chocolates, Forrest. You never know what you¡¯re going to get.

Forrest: Mama always had a way of explaining things so that I could understand them.

Mrs.Gump: I will miss you, Forrest.

Forrest: She had got the cancer and died on a Tuesday. I bought her a new hat with little flowers on it. And that¡¯s all I have to say about that. Didn¡¯t you say you were waiting for the number seven bus?

Woman: They¡¯ll be another one along shortly.

Forrest: Now because I¡¯d been a football star and a war hero and a national celebrity and shrimpin¡¯boat captain and a college graduate, the city of Greenbow, Alabama decided to get together and offered me a fine job. So I never went back to work for Lieutenant Dan, though he did take care of my Bubba Gump money. He got me invested in some kind of fruit company (Apple Computer) so they I got a call form him saying we don¡¯t have to worry about money no more and I said ¡°That¡¯s good. One less thing¡± Now mama said there¡¯s only so much fortune a man really needs and the rest is just for showin¡¯off so, I gave a whole bunch of it to the Four Square Gospel Church and even though Bubba was dead, and Lieutenant Dan said I was nuts. I gave Bubba¡¯s mama Bubba¡¯s share. You know what? She didn¡¯t have to work in nobody¡¯s kitchen no more and ¡®cause I was a gozillionaire and I liked doing it so much, I cut that grass for free. But at night time when there was nothing to do and the house was all empty I would always think of Jenny... And then, she was there.

Jenny: Hello, Forrest.

Gump: Hello, Jenny.

Forrest: Jenny came back and stayed with me. Maybe it was because she had no where else to go or maybe it was because she was so tired ¡®cause she went to bed and slept and slept like she hadn¡¯t slept in years. It was wonderful having her home. Everyday, we¡¯d take a walk and I¡¯d jabber on like a monkey in a tree and she¡¯d listen about ping ponging and shrimping and mama makin¡¯a trip up to heaven. I did all the talking. Jenny most of the time was real quiet... Sometimes I guess there just aren¡¯t enough rocks. I never really knew why she came back, but I didn¡¯t care. It was like olden times. We was like peas and carrots again. Everyday, I¡¯d pick pretty flowers and put them in her room for her. And she gave me the best gift anyone could ever get in the wide world. And she even showed me how to dance. And well, we was like family, Jenny and me, and it was the happiest time of my life.

Jenny: Are you done watching it?

Gump: Will you marry me? I¡¯d make a good husband, Jenny.

Jenny: You would, Forrest.

Gump: But you don¡¯t want to marry me.

Jenny: You don¡¯t want to marry me.

Gump: Why don¡¯t you love me, Jenny? I¡¯m not a smart man, but I know what love is .( later) Jenny?

Jenny: Forrest, I do love you.

Man: Where are you runnin¡¯ off  to?

Jenny: I¡¯m not runnin¡¯.

Forrest: That day, for no particular reason. I decided to for a little run so I ran to the end of the road. And when I got there I thought maybe I¡¯d run to the end of the town and when I got there, I thought, maybe I¡¯d just run across Greenbow County. And I figured since I run this far, maybe I¡¯ll just run across the great state of Alabama. And that¡¯s what I did. I ran clear across Alabama. For no particular reason I just kept on going. I ran clear to the ocean, and when I got there, I figured since I gone this far, I might as well turn around and keep on going. When I got to another ocean, I figured since I¡¯ve gone this far, I might as well turn back and keep right on going. When I got tired, I slept. When I got hungry, I ate and when I had to go, you know, I went.

Woman: And so, you just ran.

Forrest: Yeah, I¡¯d think a lot, about mama, and Bubba and Lieutenant Dan. But most of all, I thought about Jenny. I thought about her a lot.

Newsman: For more than two years now, a man named Forrest Gump, from Greenbow Alabama, stopping only to sleep has been running across America....

Newsman: For the fourth time on his journey across America. Forrest Gump, a gardener from Greenbow, Alabama is about to cross the Mississippi River again today....

Woman: I¡¯ll be damned.

Newsman: Sir, why are you running?

Newswoman: Are you doing this for world peace?

Newsman: Are you doing this for the homeless?

Newsman: Are you running for woman¡¯s rights?

Newsman: Or for the environment? Or for animals.

Forrest: They just couldn¡¯t believe that someone would do all that running for no particular reason.

Newswoman: Why are you doing this?

Gump: I just felt like running.

Forrest: I just felt like running.

Jogger: It¡¯s you! I can¡¯t believe it¡¯s really you.

Forrest: Now for some reason what I was doing seemed to make sense to people.

Jogger: I mean, it¡¯s like an alarm went off in my head, you know. I said, here¡¯s a guy who¡¯s got his act together. Here¡¯s somebody who¡¯s got it all figured out. Here¡¯s someone who has the answer. I¡¯ll follow you anywhere, Mr.Gump.

Forrest: So, I got company. And after that, I got more company, and then, even more people joined in. Somebody later told me it gave people hope. Now, I don¡¯t know anything about that but some of those people asked me if I could help them out.

Man: Hey man. Hey, listen, I was wondering if you might help me. I¡¯m in the bumper sticker business and I¡¯ve been trying to think up a good slogan and since you have been such a big inspiration to the people around you. I thought you might be able to... Whoa! Man, you just ran through a big pile of dogshit!

Gump: It happens.

Man: What? Shit?

Gump: Sometimes.

Forrest: And some years later I heard that that fella did come up with a bumper sticker slogan and he made a lot of money off of it. Another time I was running along and somebody who had lost all his money in the T-shirt business. He wanted to put my face on a T-shirt, but he couldn¡¯t draw that well and he didn¡¯t have a camera.

Man: Here use this. Nobody likes that color anyway.

Gump: Have a nice day.

Forrest: Some years later, I found out that that man did comp up with an idea for a T-shirt. He made a lot of money off of it. Anyway, like I was saying, I had a lot of company. My mama always said, you¡¯ve got to put the past behind you before you can move on. And I think that¡¯s what my running was all about I had ran for. Three years, two months, fourteen days and sixteen hours.

Runner: Quiet. Quiet. He¡¯s going to say something.

Gump: I¡¯m pretty tired. I think I¡¯ll go home now.

Runner: Now what are we supposed to do?

Forrest: And just like that, my runnin¡¯ days was over. So I went home to Alabama.


Newsman: Moments ago, at 2:25 p.m. as President Reagan was leaving... Five or six gun shots were fired by an unknown would-be assassin. The president was shot in the chest....

Louise: I picked up the mail.

Forrest: One day, out of blue clear sky, I got a letter from Jenny, wonderin¡¯ if I could come down to Savanah and see her, and that¡¯s what I¡¯m doing here. She saw me on TV runnin¡¯. I supposed to go on the number 9 bus to Richmond Street and get off and go one block left to 1947 Herry Street, Apartment 4.

Woman: Why, you don¡¯t need take a bus, Herry Street is just 5 or 6 blocks down that way.

Forrest: Down that way?

Woman: Down that way.

Forrest: I was nice talking to you.

Woman: I hope everything works out for you.

Jenny: Forrest! How you doin¡¯? Come in, come in.

Forrest: I got your letter.

Jenny: Oh! I wondered about that.

Forrest: This is your house.

Jenny: Yeah, it¡¯s messy right now, I just got off work.

Forrest: It¡¯s nice. You¡¯ve got air-conditioning.

Jenny: Thank you.

Forrest: I ate some.

Jenny: I kept a scrap book of your clippings and everything. There you are. I got you running.

Forrest: I ran a long way. It was a long time.

Jenny: Listen, Forrest, I don¡¯t know how to say this... I just, I want to apologize for anything I ever did to you ¡®cause I was messed up for a long time and...

Friend: Yoohoo! Hi!

Jenny: Hey you! This is an old friend from Alabama.

Friend: Hi, how do you do?

Jenny: Listen, next week my schedule changes, so I¡¯ll be able to...

Friend: No problem. Gotta go, Jen. I¡¯m double-parked. Bye!

Jenny: This is my very good friend, Mr. Gump. Can you say hi to him.

Little Forrest: Hello, Mr.Gump.

Forrest: Hello.

Little Forrest: Can I go watch TV now?

Jenny: Yes you can, just keep it low.

Forrest: You¡¯re a mama, Jenny.

Jenny: I¡¯m a mama. His name is Forrest.

Forrest: Like me!

Jenny: I named him after his daddy.

Forrest: He¡¯s got a daddy named Forrest, too?

Jenny: You¡¯re his daddy, Forrest. Hey, Forrest, look at me. There¡¯s nothing you need to do. You didn¡¯t do anything wrong. OK? Isn¡¯t he beautiful?

Forrest: He¡¯s the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. But, is he smart or is he...

Jenny: He¡¯s very smart. He¡¯s one of the smartest in his class. Yeah, it¡¯s OK. Go talk to him... Forrest, I¡¯m sick.

Forrest: What, do you have a cough or a cold?

Jenny: I have some kind of virus and the doctors don¡¯t know what it is and there isn¡¯t anything they can do about it.

Forrest: You can come home with me, Jenny. You and little Forrest could come stay at my house in Greenbow. I¡¯ll take care of you if you¡¯re sick.

Jenny: Would you marry me, Forrest.

Forrest: OK.

Louise: Forrest, it¡¯s time to start.

Jenny: Hi. You¡¯re tired.

Forrest: Lieutenant Dan. Lieutenant Dan.

Dan: Hello, Forrest.

Forrest: You got new legs. New legs.

Dan: Yeah, I got new legs. Custom made. Titanium alloy. It¡¯s what they use on the space shuttle.

Forrest: Magic legs.

Dan: This is my fiancee, Susan.

Forrest: Lieutenant Dan.

Susan: Hi, Forrest.

Forrest: Lieutenant Dan, this is my Jenny.

Jenny: Hi. It¡¯s nice to meet you finally.

Priest: Do you, Forrest, take Jenny to be your wife? Do you, Jenny, take Forrest to be your husband?

Jenny: Hey.

Forrest: Howdy.

Jenny: Hey, Forrest. Were you scared in Vietnam.

Forrest: Yes, well, I don¡¯t know. Sometimes it would stop raining long enough for the stars to come out and then it was nice; it was like just before the sun goes to bed down on the bayou. There was over a million sparkles on the water. That mountain lake was so clear, Jenny, it looked like it was two skies, one on top of the other. And then in the desert, when the sun comes up, I couldn¡¯t tell where where heaven stopped and the Earth began. It was so beautiful.

Jenny: I wish I could have been there with you.

Forrest: You were.

Jenny: I love you.

Forrest: You died on a Saturday morning and I had you placed here under our tree. And I had house of your father¡¯s bulldozed to the ground. Mama always said dying was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn¡¯t. Little Forrest is doing just fine. He¡¯s about to start school again soon. I make his breakfast, lunch and dinner everyday. I make sure he combs his hair and brushes his teeth everyday. I ¡®m teachin¡¯ him how to play ping pong. We fish a lot, and every night we read a book. He¡¯s so smart, Jenny. You¡¯d be so proud of him. I am. He even wrote you a letter. He says I can¡¯t read it. It¡¯s Forrest¡¯s so I¡¯ll just leave it here for you. Jenny, I don¡¯t know if mama was right or if it¡¯s Lieutenant Dan. I don¡¯t know if we each have a destiny or if we¡¯re all just floating around accidental like on a breeze but I think that maybe it¡¯s both. Maybe both are happening at the same time. If there¡¯s anything you need, I won¡¯t be far away.

(later)

Forrest: Here¡¯s your bus. OK. Hey, I know this.

Little Forrest: I¡¯m going to show that for show-and-tell because grandma used to read it to you.

Forrest: My favorite book. OK. Here you go. Hey, Forrest, I want to tell you I love you.

Little Forrest: I love you too, daddy.

Forrest: I¡¯ll be right here when you get back.

Dorothy: You understand that this is the bus to the school now, don¡¯t you?

Little Forrest: Of course, and you¡¯re Dorathy Harris, and I am Forrest Gump.
